Talking about riding in Pride, talking about
being at the Pussy Palace when it was raided…
Those are the two things that give me credibility
to speak on things like abolishing the police,
and why we need to do that, and why we need to
support Black people. All BIPOC people. Why we
need to stand behind Black Lives Matter
and Not Another Black Life. Why we need
the police out of Pride. Why we need them off
the necks and the backs of frigging Black men,
in particular, all over. And why we need
to actually look at and study slavery,
particularly in the U.S. Because if you don’t know
that history, then you don’t understand how it’s
spilling over today.
Everything was impacted bydisagreements
around race and racism in our work.
Who should represent the bathhouse? Who should
represent the impact of the charges? The media
really wanted to lift up and focus on the white
organizers. I remember that being one problem. It
was certainly what motivated me to want to
do deeper learning around race and racism,
because I had seen the way that race had really
fractured our work. Those of us who were trying
to work on the same side, against the police,
were often in conflict with each other aroundrace.
And it really undermined our work. You know,and
specifically, white racism was undermining thework.
There were lots of problems with that
time. I’m sure that there was lots of ways
that that space was exclusionary and privileged.
But the activism that happened afterward was so
special to me personally and to my friends.
And that was the rise also of trans rights,
resurgence of butch-femme, and then also sex
workers rights and inclusion in our work, right,
as activists. That all kind of happened around the
same time, and I think about it like Revenue Rez,
there was like the occupation in Indigenous
movements, the G20. Like, it’s always kind
of an eye roll when people get nostalgic. But
I guess, it’s just a little bit nostalgic for
me because it was such a special time in my own
awakening and engagements in queer community.